let's move on to some specific content
questions because that's a hot-button
topic as you know but I think we'll kind
of focus on looking forward okay one of
the things that I would wondering if we
could get some clarification from you is
in a previous statement you'd said that
the enterprise FD Odyssey class would be
earned by players through I think you
called it up series of fleet actions I
was wondering if you could either
clarify that statement or text I'd also
read that might be part of the new
feature episode yeah so is there
anything more you can tell us about that
sure I'm you know obviously we haven't
decided exactly how it's going to be but
the the current thinking is that it was
going to be tied to a an unlockable
reward for completing a future STF now
that could be into the hive it could be
the existing remastered sdfs but we're
talking about ways that you will be able
to complete that content and unlock that
but we want it to be part of the
story and so that's we're going to
introduce sort of the idea behind the
ship at least some components of it in
the next featured episode series but the
ability to unlock it in earn it as a
playable ship is going to be tied to
some sort of story mission content in
the game and right now that's either an
stf where it's going to be a new fleet
action that we're and not in the c-store
not on the c-store okay oh it's gonna be
able make it work for it all right I'm
ready I'll do it I'll do it unless it's
really because it's you know it's a big
new fancy ship it's part of the you know
no I'm not you just surprised because it
seems like an easy money grab it so it
seems like it'd be seems like it'd be
low-hanging fruit to throw in the c
store for 25 bucks and have a bunch of
people buy it no no I'd rather people
just earn this ship in game because it's
releasing me a solution that Cirque you
guys may you know everyone sort of it
was part of the contest and it just
makes more sense to this is something
that players sort of added to the game
sir everyone and that's an awesome
that's an awesome piece of get
additional game content people to go
after in the future so and i'm sure the
Klingon you know and the Klingons are
saying but you know but I can't fly it
but it's one of those things where we
pacifica Lee had a contest for the
enterprise yeah and so that we're trying
to find a way to get that in the game
and if there's any chance we can do some
sort of Klingon flagship you know we'll
consider that but for right now this is
really focused on how do we introduce
this new odyssey class ship and allow
everyone to fly it I wonder on the
subject of the enterprise fi are we
going to be introduced to any of the
crew members in this next series since
you've mentioned that there's going to
be some groundwork home that is part of
the groundwork is introducing I think
you there's a chance you could meet the
new captain mum obviously we're still
waiting on final approvals on on that
because it requires a little bit of a
little bit more touchy-feely with CBS
but it is one of the things that we want
to do is introduce some of our crew so
that you can see you know who this new
crew is and and really we're trying to
introduce characters that that we can
use as recurring characters in our
timeline to sort of represent our I
really like that I really like yeah so
an onboard yeah me too I think that'd be
really good and I think it's exactly i
was just thinking recently about how I'm
really anxious for something to progress
in the store and I'd love to have new
elements to sort of sink my teeth into
and something to give stowe its own
sense of cannon yeah and to wrap it
around a new enterprise yeah yeah this
just seems like a nice I feel like more
and more the existing cannon is being
really well explored now I'm ready to
set a new said um actually speaking of
new stuff she may be chat about ds9 yeah
we started just now but I was wondering
if just as anything that you can tell us
details yeah the upcoming deep space oh
we know it's gonna be a deep space nine
it sounds like we've even gotten some
rumors of some wormhole Tech
improvements for it and a new interior
for the Defiant will be coming it's
those are all things we kind of have
heard but is there any more anything
else you can tell us about well we're
going to so yeah so we you know there's
a couple things that we had been trying
to accomplish with this series and one
of them is to create you know we have
drisana station as this sort of cross
faction bar we really wanted to make a
fun new zone that Klingons and feds
could both a hangout on and and run
missions from similar to what we did
with the fair but just on a grander
scale and so we were trying to figure
out if that's deep space nine or if it's
something related to deep space 9 so
that is one of the questions that we're
going to answer where news we're going
to introduce a new zone
that has mission givers that both
Klingons and feds are going to be able
to take much probably to space 11 that
makes sense yeah no and POC nor the one
that's always on its token outside yeah
so at anything involving the Kardashians
with this new we've seen those new
character art yeah like new complete
power over to vary vary a little bit of
Cardassian but not much it's really
mostly about the Dominion and
specifically the Jama dar and on top of
that I think you're also going to see a
little bit more of beige or in this I
just entertain there I'm out little joke
i guess pedantic yeah you can see a
little bit more Bajor and we're trying
to you know obviously featured episodes
are a lot of fun for us so we're trying
to always introduce new tech and new
things this is sort of been one of the
things we've always tried to do is
whenever we're adding new type of game
trying to add that to the featured
episodes you're going to see us use duty
officer assignments for the first time
in an episode where you're going to be
on the the station or in as part of the
mission and there's going to be limited
time duty officer assignments that you
can take part in as sort of sub
objectives on the mission that will
allow you ready to say think of it sort
of as a you know a poor man's minigame
for example you go up to something and
it's like hey this things in need of
repair or you need to fix this do you
have anyone on your crew who can do this
and you know that's that kind of you
being down in sand Ricky from
engineering there you go to take aids
and rookie it's a red bra and we're also
you know some of the other things that
were you know I've mentioned eV a suits
and that's right yeah and and so we're
really gosh we've really wanted to get
EV a suits in the game for a really long
time I've been hearing about some time
now yeah and it's sort of the Holy Grail
format in the character art team to be
able to put a helmet on your carrot on
man I mean space other than the bugs
that we say
you